　　2018下半年全国大学英语四六级考试于12月15日进行，新浪教育24小时全程关注，为你带来第一手四六级考试资讯。以下为英语四级整体解析及答案：　　　　本次四级英语考试难度适中，各个板块难度基本与往年持平。翻译和听力难度略略下降，写作的题目比较传统，没有出现反押题的情况。下面是分单项的讲解。　　本次四级写作题目“The challenges of studying abroad/starting a career after graduation/living in a big city。”，是一道典型的现象分析型题目。题目内容与社会关注现象连接紧密，也是大家熟悉的话题，比较有话说。写作时，首段需要给出背景并引出题目相关的核心词； 第二段一句主旨句加上具体分析的点，即所面临的挑战，写两到三点即可，以字数为准；尾段做适当的总结，并简要给出应对挑战的对策即可。总的来说，本次四级写作题目难度适中，结构清晰。但最后得分和考生的语言质量关系非常密切，注意写作时词汇和句式的准确性和丰富性。　　The challenges of living in a big city。　　These days， the issue of living in a big city has been in the limelight and has aroused wide concern in the public。 People in mounting numbers choose to live in big cities nourishing the hope of having better opportunities， broadening their views and gaining new insights and outlook。 However this hot phenomenon contains not only those positive and beneficial aspects but foreseeable challenges as well。　　And it is not difficult to put forward several factors responsible for the above mentioned challenge。 First and foremost， with the quickening pace and the fierce competition of modern life， people living in big cities find that they are under constant pressure from work and living， making it impossible for them to slow down and truly enjoy life。 Furthermore， even though cities are equipped with highly developed and sophisticated traffic system， people in urban areas are confronted with outrageous traffic rush， twice a day， which largely contributes to their discontent and increases the commuting time and thus time cost。　　As discussed above， only those who get well prepared physically and mentally can benefit most from living in a big city。　　就目前拿到的原文材料来看，题材和文本难度均与往年保持一致水平，短文题难度略有下降。各section解析如下：　　新闻：　　卷一的新闻题一，科技新闻。介绍了科学家将在月球上实现4G信号的覆盖。考点题一为新闻主旨题，符合新闻开头出题的原则。第二题新闻细节题考察新闻中“原因”的要素。答案均为原文原词，难度不大。　　答案：　　1。 C） Set up a mobile phone network on the moon。　　2。 A） It is stable。　　新闻题二为社会新闻，讲述了发生在好莱坞密歇根大道上一家废弃旧商场发生的火灾。。考点题一仍然为新闻主旨题，符合新闻开头出题的原则。第二题新闻细节题。符合我们听力课上课时提到的时间/数字等信息集中处出题的规律。　　答案：　　3。 B） No injuries were yet reported。　　4。 B） Pull down the deserted shopping mall。　　新闻题三为社会新闻，讲述日本由于自然灾害土豆产量下降和进口管制，导致土豆价格升高的事件。。考点题一仍然为新闻主旨题，但要求考生听懂“shortage（短缺） ”一词，有一定难度。第二/三题新闻细节题。　　答案：　　5。 D） Insufficient potato supply。　　6。 C） It is afraid of the spread of disease。　　长对话　　对于考生而言，长对话一向是听懂难度较低的文本。此次两篇长对话，就文本和听力音频难度来看，难度适中。如果大家有好好掌握课上所说的长对话出题原则，找到答案的可能性还是非常大的，关注开头结尾处，以及中间负责答者的回答。长对话第一篇讨论的话题是近年来高频话题，学习，说话人讲解了学习保持专注度的一些方法和技巧。第8/9题选项和原文存在同义词替换（boring-dull），近义表达替换（writing=take notes）的情况，但第10-11题选项均为原文原词。　　答案：　　8。 C） Dull。　　9。 D） She takes notes。　　10。 A） It keeps her mind active。　　11。 B） It helps her better remember what she learns。　　第二篇长对话则为讨论泰姬陵，难度较上一篇而言较低，应是考生在长对话部分的主要得分点。听题时注意重复出现的信息（princess/crowded）　　答案：　　12。 A） To spend her honeymoon。　　13。 A） In memory of a princess。　　14。 D） It has walls decorated with jewels。　　15。 B） They are mostly crowded。　　短文：　　听力考试中难度较大的题型，短文。第一篇是一篇报告，关于美国人对于公共图书馆的观点和使用情况。文章出自PEW研究中心。话题相对比较严肃，部分考生可能存在听不懂的困难，但答案给出方式较为直接，基本为原文原词直接对应。　　题源文章链接：http://www.pewinternet.org/2016/09/09/libraries-2016/　　答案：　　16。 C） They provide residents with the resources needed。　　17。 B） By inspiring their creativity。　　18。 D） Their number increased modestly。　　第二篇为说明文，介绍了热带草原猫，出题点遵照了说文的出题套路：说明对象介绍，特点，人们对于说明对象的观点或发现。文本难度是三篇中较为简单的一篇，文本改编自维基百科， 这并不是维基百科的文章第一次出现在四六级考试中。2017年6月六级听力中说明文也来自维基百科。　　题源文章链接：https：//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Savannah_cat　　Passage Two　　19。 C） It is an unusual cross breed。　　20。 A） They are as loyal as dogs。　　21。 C） They shower with them。　　第三篇文章为议论文，介绍了父母对于孩子教育的重要性。　　出题方式也遵循了我们听力课堂上总结的规律，大家做题时应关注开头结尾处，转折（although， but， however等），因果（because， so，等），强调（especially等）。答案和选项多为同根词的对应方式，这也是我们上课讲过的特征，熟练掌握做题技巧的同学应该会得心应手。24题难度较大，需要考生大意概括理解　　Passage Three　　22。 D） Excited but somewhat sad。　　23。 A） It starts the moment they are born。　　24。 D） Set a good example for them to follow。　　25。 B） Their home life。　　整体难度没有变化，但词汇的难度，应该说，照以往稍有下降，主要是没有很生僻的单词，而且其中有许多词汇都是考过很多遍的，如快速发展、增长、影响、大量、稳步增长等等。唯一需要注意的词汇就是报刊，这是两个英语单词构成的并列结构。句式方面，也并没有特别难，只有最后一句是一个句号三个片段的句子，其它都是一个句号一个或两个片段，句间逻辑非常好处理。从单个句子的翻译来看，只要掌握了成份对应翻译法，就可以得到相当好的分数。相信今年考试的同学，都会取得非常不错的分数。　　1。第一篇真题及范文： 由于通信网络的快速发展，中国智能手机用户数量近年来以惊人度增长。这极大地改变了许多人的阅读方式。他们现在经常在智能手机上 看新闻和文章，而不买传统报刊。 大量移动应用程序的开发使人们 能用手机读小说和其他形式的文学作品。因此，纸质书籍的销售受到了影响。但调查显示，尽管能手机阅读市场稳步增长，超半数成年人 仍喜欢读纸质书。　　Due to the fast development of communication networks， the number of smartphone users grows at an amazing rate in recent years in China。 This has changed many people’s ways of reading dramatically。 Today， they often read news and articles on their smartphones instead of buying traditional newspapers and periodicals。 The development of many mobile apps enables people to read novels and other forms of literary works on their smartphones。 Therefore， the sales of paper books are affected。 However， according to some surveys， more than half of adults still like to read paper books， despite the steady growth of the smartphone reading market。　　2。手机支付　　过去几年里，移动支付市场在中国蓬勃发展。随着移动互联网的出现，手机购物逐渐成为一种趋势。18到30岁的年轻人构成了移动支付市场的最大群体。由于现在用手机付款极容易，许多消费者在购物时宁愿用手机付款，而不愿用现金和信用卡。为了鼓励人们多消费，许多商店给使用移动支付的顾客打折。专家预测，中国移动支付市场未来仍有很大发展潜力。　　The past few years have witnessed the rapid development of mobile payment market in China。 With the appearance of mobile internet， shopping on cellphones has become a trend。 The young from 18 to 30 make up the biggest group of users of the mobile payment market。 As it is very easy to pay by cellphone， many consumers prefer to use phones to pay for shopping， rather than use cash or credit cards。 To encourage consumption， many shops offer discounts to those who use mobile payment。 According to the prediction of some experts， there are great potential of development in China‘s mobile payment market in the future。　　3。越来越多的中国人现在的确离不开手机了。他们中的许多人，包括老年人都使用手机应用程序保持联系并拓宽朋友圈。他们也用手机购物，查找信息，因为手机便于携带。此外，使用手机应用程序通信比传统电话便宜。然而，这种新趋势导致人们在社交时过度依赖手机。事实上，一些年轻人已经变得十分上瘾，以至于忽略了与家人和朋友面对面的交流。　　Today， more and more Chinese cannot live without mobile phones indeed。 Many of them， including the elderly， keep in touch with others and broaden their circle of friends with mobile apps。 They also use their cell phones for online shopping and searching for information as cellphones are easy to carry。 In addition， the communication by mobile applications is cheaper than that by traditional phones。 However， this new trend makes people over-reliant on mobile phones for social interaction。 In fact， some young people have become so addicted that they ignored the face-to-face communication with their family and friends。　　选词填空　　26 F Damage　　27 B associated　　28 M sources　　29 D constant　　30 G described　　31 E control　　32 H equals　　33 K regularly　　34 I exclusively　　35 O vehicles　　26。 I remedies　　27.D inconvenience （这里作动词：“使……不方便”）　　28.H recommended　　29.C hesitant　　30.O worse　　31。 B experiences　　32。 J scared　　33。 M pressured　　34。 L sink　　35。 E lessen　　26。 I warning　　27。 B convenience　　28。 F particularly　　29。 L surveyed　　30。 C effectively　　31。 E intimate　　32。 J unfriendly　　33。 K specific　　34。 G primary　　35。 A avoid　　36。 More than half of the food Americans eat is factory-produced　　37。 There is a special program that assigns doctors to give advice to shoppers in food stores。　　38。 There is growing evidence from research that food helps patients recover from various illnesses。　　39。 A healthy breakfast can be prepared quickly and easily。　　40。 Training a patient to prepare healthy food can change their life。　　41。 One food-as-medicine program not only prescribes food for treatment but teaches patient show to cook it。　　42。 Scott is not keen on cooking food herself thinking it would simply be a waste of time。　　43。 Diabetes patients are advised to eat more plant-based food　　44。 Using food as medicine is no novel idea but the movement is making headway these days。　　45。 Americans high rates of various illnesses result from the way they eat。　　36。 a research project found bacteria made their way to the food on the floor in five seconds。　　37。 Whether food is contaminated depends much on the number of bacteria that get onto it。　　38。 Food contamination may result from various factors other than food dropping on the floor。　　39。 Males are less likely than females to eat food that may have been contaminated。　　40。 The author’s research centers around how food gets contaminated。　　41.Keeping everything clean is the best way to stay healthy　　42。 Chances are you will not fall sick because of eating food picked up from the floor　　43。 For a long time people have had the experience of deciding whether or not to eat food picked up from the floor　　44。 Some trains of bacteria are so harmful that a tiny few can have deadly consequences。　　45。 Researchers found how any bacteria got into the food did not have much to do with how long the food stayed on a contaminated floor　　36。 Careme was among the first chefs who stressed both the appearance and flavor of dishes。（有争议）　　37。 Careme wanted to show to later generations that French chefs of his time were most world。　　38。 Careme benefited greatly from serving a French diplomat and his connections。　　39。 Careme learned his trade from a famous dessert chef in Paris。　　40。 Careme‘s creative works were exhibited in the shop windows by his master。　　41。 Careme‘s knowledge of art and architecture helped him create extraordinary desserts extraordinary ingredient。　　42。 Many people in Paris were eager to have a look at the latest sweet food made by Care。　　43。 Careme became extremely wealthy by cooking for rich and socially ambitious families。　　44。 Careme‘s writing dealt with fundamental cooking principles in a systematic way。　　45。 Careme‘s contribution to French cooking was revolutionary。　　美国加州发明了新的钻井技术来获得地下水　　46。 How could California’s drought crisis be solved according to some researchers？　　答案： B—by drawing water from the depths of the earth　　47。 What can be inferred about extracting water from deep aquifers？　　答案：B-It was not considered worth the expense。　　48。 What is mentioned as consequence of extracting water from deep underground？　　答案：A-The sinking of land surface　　49。 What does the author say about deep wells？　　答案：D-They provide a steady supply of freshwater　　50。 What may happen when deep aquifers are used as water sources？　　答案：C- The cost may go up due to desalination。　　第二篇 AI稚嫩是否可以在运转时符合人类的道德规范？　　51。 What does the author want to show with the example of AlphaGo’s victory？　　答案：D-Computers can become highly intelligence　　52。 What does the author mean by AI machines acting ethically？　　答案：C-They make sensible decisions when facing moral dilemmas。　　53。 What is said to be the bigger challenges facing humans in the AI age？　　答案：B-How to ensure that super-intelligent AI machines act ethically　　54。 What do we learn about Microsoft’s ‘chatbot’ Taylor？　　答案：A-She could not distinguish good from bad。　　55。 What does Eric Schmidt think of artificial intelligence？　　答案：D-It will be here to stay whatever the outcome。　　46。 What do we learn from a newly published study about cats？　　C - They have a natural ability to locate animals they hunt。　　47。 What may account for the cats‘ response to the noise from the containers？　　D - Their mastery of cause and effect（有争议）　　48。 What is characteristic of the way cats hunt， according to the Japanese researchers？　　B - They rely mainly on their hearing。　　49。 In what way do babies behave like cats？　　A - They focus on what appears odd。　　50。 What can we conclude about cats from the passage？　　B - They interact with the physical world much like humans。　　51。 What would be the impact of the extensive use of driveress cars？　　A - People would be driving in a more civilized way。　　52。 How would the elderly and the disabled benefit from driverless cars？　　A - They could enjoy greater mobility　　53。 What would be the negative impact of driverless cars？　　D - Numerous professional drivers would have to find new ways of earning a living。　　54。 What is the result of the introduction of new technologies in energy industries？　　B - Retaining of employees。　　55。 What does the author suggest businesses and the government do？　　C - Enable everyone to benefit from new technologies。　　46。 For what reason may your friends feel reluctant to visit your home？　　A - The security camera installed may intrude into their privacy　　47。 What does Lizzie Post say is new territory？　　D - Etiquette around home security cameras。　　48。 What is Lizzie Post mainly discussing with regard to the use of home security cameras？　　C - Likes and dislikes of individuals。　　49。 What is a host‘s responsibility regarding security cameras， according to Lizzie Post？　　A - Making their guests feel at ease。　　50。 In what way can the home security camera benefit visitors to your home？　　B - It can prove their innocence。　　51。 Why is PepsiCo making a policy change？　　C - to satisfy the growing needs for healthy foods。　　52。 What does PepsiCo think it will have to do in the future？　　D - Keep on improving its products。　　53。 Why does PepsiCo plan to alter its products。 according to Indra Nooyi？　　A - To ensure the company‘s future development　　54。 What does Indra Nooyi say about the obesity epidemic？　　C - it is attributable to people‘s changed lifestyles。　　55。 What has PepsiCo been doing to achieve its objective？　　B - Increasing its research funding　　来源：新东方在线