　　2018下半年全国大学英语四六级考试于12月15日进行，新浪教育24小时全程关注，为你带来第一手四六级考试资讯。以下为英语六级听力长对话答案及原文：　　　　M：（1）Do you mind taking my photo with the statue over there？ I think it will make a great shot。　　W：Sure。 No worries。 You‘re always taking photos。 What do you do with all the photos you take？　　M：Well， don‘t laugh。 My dream is to become an online celebrity of sorts。　　W：You‘re not serious， are you？　　M：I am completely I just got the idea a few months ago after posting some holiday photos on my social media accounts， a lot of people like my photos and started asking me for travel tips。 So I figured i‘d give it a go。 I post a lot on social media anyway。 So i’ve got nothing to 。　　W： I guess that‘s true。 So what you have to do to become internet famous 。　　M：Surprisingly， a lot more than I did as a hobby recently。 I‘ve been spending a lot more time editing photos， posting online and clearing storage on my phone。 It’s always full。 Now that doesn‘t sound like too much work。　　W：Well， there‘s more to it。　　M：I spent all last weekend researching what topics are popular， what words to use in captions and similar accounts to follow really was a lot to take。 And I was up well past midnight。 I‘d say it’s paying off， though I increased the number of people following my accounts by fifteen percent already。　　W：That is impressive。 I guess I never thought much about all the effort behind the scene。 Now that I think about it， there‘s always something wrong with my photos。 As it is， half smiles， closed eyes， messy hair。 I hope you have better luck than I do。 Then。 Again， I think the only person interested in my photos is my mum。　　Question 1。 What does the man asked the woman to do？　　解析：根据问题，问男人让女人做什么，可定位到，对话开篇Do you mind taking my photo with the statue over there？　　Question 2。 What does the man dream of？　　解析：根据问题，问男人梦想什么，可定位到，对话中上篇可得，My dream is to become an online celebrity of sorts。　　Question 3。 What has the man been busy doing recently？　　解析：根据问题，问男人近期忙于做些什么，可定位中间对话可得，Surprisingly， a lot more than I did as a hobby recently。 I‘ve been spending a lot more time editing photos， posting online and clearing storage on my phone。　　Question 4， what does the woman say about her photos？　　解析：根据问题，问女人关于她的照片说了什么，可定位至对话结尾处，Now that I think about it， there‘s always something wrong with my photos。 As it is， half smiles， closed eyes， messy hair。　　M：（5）Good evening and welcome to physics today。 Here we interview some of the greatest minds in physics as they help us to understand some of the most complicated theories。 Today。 I‘m very pleased to welcome doctor melissa phillips， professor of theoretical physics。 She’s here to tell us a little about what it is。（6） She studies doctor phillips。 You seem to study everything。　　W：（6）I guess that would be fair to say I spend most of my time studying the big bang theory and where our universe came from。　　M：Can you tell us a little about that？　　W：Well，（7） i‘m very interested in why the universe exists at all。 That may sound odd， but the fact is at the moment of the big bang， both matter and antimatter were created for a short time， and I mean just a fraction of a second。 The whole universe was a super hot soup of radiation filled with these particles。 So what baffled scientists for so long is why is there a universe at all？　　M：That‘s because matter and anti matter are basically opposites of each other。 They are exactly alike， except that they have opposite electrical charges。 So when they collide， they destroy each other。　　W： Exactly。 So during the first few moments of the big bang， the universe was extremely hot and very small matter。 And the now more exotic anti matter would have had little space to avoid each other。 This means that they should have totally wiped each other out， leaving the universe complete。 De baron。　　M：（8）But a recent study seems to point to the fact that would matter。 And anti matter were first created。 There were slightly more particles of matter which allowed the universe we all live in to form　　W：exactly because there was slightly more matter。 The collisions quickly depleted all the anti matter and left just enough matter to create stars， planets， and eventually us。　　Question 5。 What does the man say is physics today？　　根据问题，问男人说“今日物理学”是怎样的，可定位至对话开篇Good evening and welcome to physics today。 Here we interview some of the greatest minds in physics as they help us to understand some of the most complicated theories　　Question 6。 What is the woman physicists？ Main research area？　　根据问题，问女人主要研究的领域是什么，可定位至文章开篇对话处，She studies doctor phillips。 You seem to study everything。 I guess that would be fair to say I spend most of my time studying the big bang theory and where our universe came from。　　Questions 7。 What is the woman interested in？　　根据问题，问女人的兴趣所在，可得i‘m very interested in why the universe exists at all。　　Question 8。 What seems to be the finding of the recent study？　　根据问题，问近期研究的发现，可定位至对话结尾处But后，But a recent study seems to point to the fact that would matter。 And anti matter were first created。 There were slightly more particles of matter which allowed the universe we all live in to form 。　　来源：新东方在线