　　　　　　1。经济、科技、教育稳健发展 stable and robust development of economy， technology and education　　2。经济全球化 globalization of economy　　3。利好政策 favorable policies　　4。中国文化 Chinese culture　　5。文化交流 cultural exchange　　6。跨文化 cross culture　　7。文化融合 cultural integration　　8。丰富、独特的文化 rich and unique culture　　9。国家政策 national policies　　10。大学毕业生 university graduates　　11。就业市场 job market　　12。高等教育 higher education　　13。出国留学 studying abroad　　14。在华留学生 foreign students in China　　15。就业机会 employment opportunity　　　　1。随着中国经济、社会的发展，越来越多的家庭能够负担得起孩子在发达国家接受高等教育。　　With the development of Chinese economy and society， increasing number of families can afford their children’s higher education in advanced countries。　　2。中国优质辉煌的传统文化，这吸引的大量外国人士。　　China enjoys a splendid traditional culture， which fascinates vast numbers of foreigners。　　3。随着经济全球化，文化的融合被证明是任何人都无法逃避的潮流。　　With the globalization of economy， cultural integration has turned out to be a trend that anyone cannot evade。　　4。国家政策的支持是长久刺激因素。　　The support from national policies acts as a lasting stimulus。　　5。就业市场竞争如此激烈，越来越多的学生选择出国留学使其具备竞争优势。　　The competition of job market is so fierce that students in mounting numbers choose studying abroad to equip them with competitive advantages。　　6。相关部门的宣传和引导，例如为在华留学生提供更多的就业机会，也能够解释为什么越来越多的留学生选择在中国学习。　　The relevant departments’ propaganda and guidance， like providing more employment opportunities for foreign students， can also explain why foreign students in mounting numbers choose studying in China。　　　　Directions：　　Write an essay based on the chart below。 In your writing， you should　　1）Interpret the chart， and　　2）Give your comments　　You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET。 （15 points）　　As is clearly revealed in the bar chart above， some changes have taken place in terms of the number of foreign students in China from 2014 to 2017。 In the light of the figures offered we can notice that the number has been on a steady rise。 To be specific， the past four years has witnessed such growth from 300 thousand to nearly 500 thousand。　　Some factors contributing to the changes mentioned above may be summarized as follows。 Firstly， with the stable and robust development of economy， technology and education， China has become a nation with more prospects， which turns to be an attraction for host of foreign students。 What’s more， the rich， unique Chinese cultures can be taken as another reason。 According to a survey， for almost 60% foreign students， the primary reason why they choose studying in China is their strong interests in Chinese civilization。 Lastly， the governments have proposed some favorable policies， such as providing generous scholarships and more employment opportunities for the foreign students， which may contribute to this phenomenon as well。　　It can be predicted that this trend will continue in the years to come。 And considering what has been discussed above， a conclusion can be drawn that the current situation is positive and beneficial。 Accordingly， it is no necessity for the public to regard it with any anxiety。　　来源：万学海文 付华婷