　　[考点考向]中国经济，中国旅游，社会发展，经济发展与繁荣　　[必备主题词]　　1。 经济全球化 economic globalization　　2。 经济增长 economic growth　　3。 关税 tariff　　4。 纳税人 tax payer　　5。 城镇化 urbanization　　6。 市场经济 market economy　　7。 市场多元化 market diversification　　8。 经济活力 economic vitality　　9。 有形资产 tangible assets　　10。 反垄断 anti-monopoly　　11。 经济繁荣 economic booming/prosperity　　12。 购买力 purchasing power　　13。 国家实力 national strength　　14。 国际地位 international status　　15。 经济腾飞 economic boom　　16。 市场需求 market demand　　17。 消费者需求的增加 the expanded demand of customers　　18。 一个广阔的市场 a broad market　　19。 供不应求 supply falls short of demand　　[必备论证素材句]　　1。 近年来，中国的快速发展使中国的经济在国际世界占有一定的地位。　　China has been developing quickly in the recent years， and it follows that we have been accepted among the international world in the area of economy。　　2。 随着生活水平的提高，人们需要的精神食粮也愈加多样化，旅游自然成为了越来越多人的自发选择。　　With living-standard improving， the public demand increasingly varied spiritual nutrition。 Thus travelling has become a willing choice for more people。　　3。 汽车销量以火箭速度快速增加，使中国成为仅次于美国的第二大机动车市场。　　Car sales have been increasingly at a rocket rate， making China the world’s second-largest vehicle market by unit sales after the U.S。　　4。 多年来，中国推广旅游产业，将其视为经济增长和工业化的主要动力。　　For years， China has promoted the tourism， viewing it as a critical driver of economic growth and industrialization。　　5。 随着经济和社会的快速发展，很多智能家电的价格对对来越多的人来说不再是一种负担。　　With the rapid development of economy and society， the price of many smart home appliances is not a burden for more and more people。　　6。 随着互联网技术变得越来也成熟，以及相关法律法规的提高，原来对出国旅游持有怀疑态度的人现在都相信这种旅游方式使安全可靠的。　　As Internet technologies are becoming increasingly mature and relevant laws and regulations are improved， people who were at first skeptical about travelling overseas now become convinced that such kind of travelling is safe and reliable。　　7。 有关当局出台并执行了相关规定来保护，促进在线购物的发展。　　The authorities concerned have formulated and enforced relevant regulations to protect and promote the development of online shopping。　　8。 随着现代生活加快的节奏，消费者，尤其是年龄在25到35的人，承受着日益增多的来自于工作或学习的压力，因此他们需要通过旅游，购物来释放压力。　　With the quickening pace of modern life， people， particularly those aged from 25 to 35， are increasingly exposed to great pressure from study or work， so that they have to release their overburden by travelling or shopping。　　[实战演练]　　Directions：　　Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing。 In your essay， you should　　1） interpret the chart and，　　2） give your comments。　　You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET。 （15 points）　　Distinctly presented in this bar chart are the changes in the tourist revenue and the number of tourists in one city of China from 2014 to 2018。 To be specific， the past five years have witnessed the dramatic increase of the tourist revenue， from 480 million in 2014 to 2，000 million in 2018， which is accompanied by the rise of the number of tourists， from almost five hundred thousand to nearly 18 hundred thousand during the same period。　　It’s no difficulty for us to come up with some possible factors to account for this trend。 First and foremost， I am strongly convinced that this is partly due to the fact that with the rapid development of economy and society， the price of travelling at home or abroad is not a burden for more and more people。 Therefore， there is a sharp increase of the tourism revenue and the number of tourists during these five years。 In addition， it has to be admitted that with the quickening pace of modern life， people， particularly those aged from 25 to 35， are increasingly exposed to great pressure from study or work， so that they have to release their overburden by travelling。　　Taking into account what has been argued above， I can come to the conclusion that this trend is positive and therefore acceptable。 And， it is certain that this trend will continue in the forthcoming years。　　来源：万学海文 马晓莉