　　本该写作业却刷起了微博？明天就要考试了但是还想再看欧巴一眼？这些情况是不是都似曾相识呢？如果是，欢迎你加入拖延症患者大家族。其实每个人都或多或少有着拖延症，如何告别拖延症？让小编为你揭秘。　　　　　　Fear is one of factor that contributes to procrastination。 This can involve a fear of failure， a fear of making mistakes， or even a fear of success。 Psychologist suggests that challenging your faulty beliefs is important。 By addressing the fear that is keeping you from getting started， you can begin to overcome your procrastination habit。　　恐惧是导致拖延的一个因素。其包含对失败、犯错，甚至是成功的恐惧。心理学家认为纠正错误的观念十分重要。通过应对使你不敢着手行动的恐惧，你就能逐渐克服拖延症。　　　　　　Start by creating a to-do list with things that you would like to accomplish。 If necessary， put a date next to each item if there is a deadline that you need to meet。 Estimate how long each task will take to complete， and then double that number so that you don‘t fall into the cognitive trap of underestimating how long each project will take。　　你可以从列一张计划表开始，写上你想要完成的事情。如果有必要，你还可以在每件事旁写上规定的完成日期。估计完成每件事的所需时间，把估计时间翻倍，这样你就不会陷入估低用时的麻烦中。　　　　　　When you are faced with a big project， you might feel daunted， intimidated， or even hopeless when you look at the sheer amount of work involved。 At this point， break them down into a series of steps。 Once you have created a list detailing the process you need to go through in order to accomplish the task， you can start working on individual “baby steps。”　　面对一项大工程，看到庞大的工作量，你很可能会感到忧心忡忡，觉得被逼迫着，甚至会绝望无助。这时候，你应该把它分成几个步骤来完成，一旦你制定了计划，细化完成这个任务所需的几个步骤，你就可以以自己的方式慢慢做起来。　　　　　　As you start to tackle items on your list， pay attention to when thoughts of procrastination start to creep into your mind。 If you find yourself thinking “I don‘t feel like doing this now” or “I’ll have time to work on this later，” then you need to recognize that you are about to procrastinate.Instead of giving into the urge， force yourself to spend at least a few minutes working on the task。 In many cases， you might find that it is easier to complete once you get started。　　当你开始按计划处理任务时，要注意什么时候拖延的念头会慢慢爬进你的头脑中。如果你发现自己有“我现在不想做这个”或是“我还有别的时间做这件事”这样的念头，你就要认识到你要开始拖延了。不要顺从自己的心意，强迫自己至少花几分钟在完成任务上。很多时候，你会发现一旦开始动手，其实完成任务比想象得要简单。　　　　　　It‘s hard to get any real work done when you keep turning your attention to what’s on television or you keep checking your friends Facebook status updates。 Assign yourself a period of time during which you turn off all distractions – such as music， television， and social networking sites – and use that time to focus all of your attention on the task at hand。　　如果你的注意力不断地放在电视内容或者脸书主页上你很难完成任何任务。排除一段时间，消除所有的干扰因素——音乐、电视、社交网站等等，在这段时间专注于手头的任务。　　　　　　Once you have completed a task （or even a small portion of a larger task）， it is important to reward yourself for your efforts。 Give yourself the opportunity to indulge in something that you find fun and enjoyable， whether its attending a sporting event， playing a video game， watching your favorite tv show， or looking at pictures on a social sharing site。　　一旦你完成了一项任务（或者仅仅是一项大任务的一小部分），奖励一下自己的努力十分重要。给自己一个机会沉浸在有趣的事物中，参加比赛、玩电子游戏、追电视剧、在网站上看图片，想怎么玩就怎么玩。　　来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙