　　原标题：《BBC媒体英语：气候变暖使英国出现热浪的几率增加三十倍》　　气候变化明显增加了英国夏天迎来热浪的可能性。2018年炎热的夏日创下了高温记录，由英国气象局（Met Office）展开的一项研究显示，与往年相比，这次热浪席卷英国的几率因人类活动产生的排放物而增加了三十倍。　　　　The blazing summer of 2018 was the joint warmest for the UK since records began in 1910. Met Office researchers have now analysed the record-breaking temperatures, using climate models that can simulate the world with or without the impact of fossil fuel emissions.　　2018年的酷暑是自1910年有记录以来英国并列最热的年份。英国气象局的研究人员利用气候模型分析了创记录的气温，这些模型能模拟全球气候在受到化石燃料排放物影响以及未受到它影响时的情况。　　According to the scientists, in the absence of global warming, the odds of a UK heatwave like this summer's were less than half a percent in any given year. But a changing climate means this has now risen to 12%, or about once every eight years.　　据科学家们的说法，在没有全球气候变暖的情况下，英国迎来像今夏这样的热浪的几率在任何一年里都不到 0.5%。但不断变化的气候意味着这一比例上升到了 12%，或大约每八年一次。　　By looking at records of temperatures in England that date back three hundred years, the Met Office was able to say that summers as warm as 2018 were very rare before the Industrial Revolution.　　通过查看过去三百年英格兰地区的气温记录，英国气象局得出了这一结论：在英国工业革命以前，像2018年这样炎热的夏天是非常罕见的。　　And while some people might welcome the idea of having more hot summers in the UK, Met Office researchers said it was not good news, especially for vulnerable elderly people, for farmers, and for those who work outdoors.　　尽管一些人可能会欢迎英国有更多炎热的夏季，但英国气象局的研究人员说这并不是什么好消息，尤其是对于身体脆弱的老年人、农民和在室外工作的人们来说更是如此。　　　　blazing 炙热的，酷热的　　joint 并列的　　record-breaking 破记录的　　fossil fuel 化石燃料　　simulate （用计算机）模拟　　heatwave 热浪　　date back 追溯到　　Industrial Revolution 工业革命　　vulnerable （身体）脆弱的　　outdoors 在室外　　 。　　1. True or false? Summers as warm as 2018 were quite common before the Industrial Revolution.　　2. What have Met Office researchers used to analyse the record-breaking temperatures?　　3. According to Met Office researchers, who suffer the most from more hot summers in the UK?　　4. Which phrase in the text means 'without'?　　　　1. True or false? Summers as warm as 2018 were quite common before the Industrial Revolution.　　False. Met Office was able to say that summers as warm as 2018 were very rare before the Industrial Revolution.　　2. What have Met Office researchers used to analyse the record-breaking temperatures?　　They have used climate models that can simulate the world with or without the impact of fossil fuel emissions.　　3. According to Met Office researchers, who suffer the most from more hot summers in the UK?　　Vulnerable elderly people, for farmers, and for those who work outdoors suffer the most from more hot summers in the UK.　　4. Which phrase in the text means 'without'?　　In the absence of.　　文章来源：BBC英语教学　　实习编辑：涂鸿娟  责任编辑：润琰